-Any movement?
-Dead. Nothing in, nothing out.
Motherfucker.
Faraday had it right.
He swapped venues.
Ah! Dropped the ball on this.
Sorry. It's a lost cause by now.
Arasaka's cleaning a house
over a stolen stretch, it can't be, eh?
Hmm. Taking your ride,
whole thing makes a highway shit.
I wish Faraday tells us
what the fuck we're after.
What's that thing,
"Biggest fish is the one that got away"?
Should I dig deeper on Tanaka?
No, sniffing around Arasaka's
business is a fixer's job.
It's on him to give us a lead.
Wouldn't ask too much to say,
"I pay you to check the boxes
off my list."
Sure, but…
curiosity is killing me.
Let me see Kiwi on it.
See what she can find.
It ain't going to stop you,
baby doll.
Meantime, you and me, let's go to town.
Bad, bad time kid. Now's bad.
Uh the word. What's the word?
I hadn't heard anything.
Said I'd call if any giggly
popped up.
Nothing? Still nada?
Take whatever you got.
Desperate looks ugly, rookie.
Ed's all gone? Blow your last cut already?
-Not Eddies. It's not what I mean.
-Huh?
Learning, learning the ropes, me.
You can't be my crutch.
Said yourself, right?
Right, fine.
Hey! I'm looking for Aldo.
Yeah? Who's looking now?
Maine. He sent me.
Ha? You Davis then?
Uh…
-Huh?
-I'm David.
-Davis?
-It's David! Not Davis! David!
What are you screaming for,
rude motherfucker?
Got it. David. Heard you.
You're Pilar's carrying pigeon, yeah?
Pilar's?
It was you, wasn't it?
The punk kid who cleft and junked
Arasaka limo? Hell of an entrance.
Yeah… my first real gig.
Could have collected
five fat spots for it at least.
if you hadn't gone and turned it to scrap.
-Well, there's always next time.
-Ha?
I'll do better next time!
Next time, eh?
Well, I guess, we'll see you if last time
wasn't just a beginner's luck.
-What do you mean by that?
-Nothing personal.
We'll find out soon if you're a shit
or just another shit's stain.
Hear about that C-Psych
alone in Watson?
They just keep popping up.
Yeah, two men patrol
flat-lined just like that.
Yeah. Saw the scroll, poor fuckers.
A single launcher hit
turned them both into canned easy-peasy.
Hey, David, my man!
-What's going on? Everything good?
-I am-- Uh, yeah!
What's up, chum? You need something?
Uh, yeah!
Got this package here from Maine.
Is Pilar here?
Ugh!
Yo, bro, it's for you!
-He's your brother?
-Ha?
Maine sent you something. Come get it.
Fucking finally!
Wow! Is that the boy who'd killed
for a pair of cyberhands like this?
Supreme!
You want me to excuse you or..?
Got anything else for me to do
or is that it?
Bro, that's it for today?
Yeah, fuck off!
And, Becca, tip him on his way out.
Fuck it up for yourself, cheap-ass!
It's bulletproof!
So is that everything? Do I clock out now?
Uh… Yeah, whatever.
It looks that way to me.
Uh, no, I guess.
Whoa! That's a tip?
Damn. You're fucking adorable.
-Huh!
-See you soon, dimples.
Hey, are you free tonight?
Whoa!
You showed up?
You told me to come, so I did.
Maine bullied me, so I had to.
What? Maine did?
Why me?
You're a stray. You ain't never
taken one in, a stray?
Show some responsibility.
He's yours. You said to keep him.
Come on.
Kid's been hounding me for work.
Whine-yap-yap. Walk that doug.
Tucker him out.
Assmunch.
Fuck that guy!
I'll say, it's my day-off too.
Sorry, you're stuck with me.
No offense but, chopsticks, narrow
torso, not exactly built like a punk.
With that frame, look prime to tweak out
after one, maybe two more implants.
I ain't weak,
if that's what you're getting at.
Keep up then.
Ever use one?
Nope.
Gloria never let you carry?
It's time, we change that.
What do you say? I could teach you
some tricks if you want.
Think. Sandevistan. I'll stick with that.
-Hey.
-Yeah?
I'm wondering. Are you a real netrunner?
Clearly. And?
Nothing. Just why would netrunners
have to, you know, run.
Netter's edge. Runner's a runner.
Good stamina can take you far.
You don't fly your crip out cover
from now on. You fill me, doug?
Every single day you check, wallet,
cock sock in your damn iron.
Sure, some punks strictly hack,
will go straight chrome.
But it will be a while
before you can keep your ass alive
using just cyberware.
Until that time comes,
this piece will be your backup plan.
-So, hey.
-What now?
How old are you anyway?
How're things going on with Lucy?
Huh?
Treating you right?
Sorry. I didn't mean…
That cam out wrong.
It's just, your age, your skills,
they don't add up.
Blame Math were it ain't applicable.
It's aptitude and hard work.
So get that straight. Only gonks
talk on others based on age.
Gonks like?
Long-limb techies.
Grr!
What do you mean by
"treating her right"?
Huh! It means
you haven't done nothing?
What are we
talking about, exactly?
David, my clueless junior.
You need a pro pair.
And I think you know, I ain't just
talking about any edge right sense.
Really? Thought I saw
you two hitting it off the other day.
Back at the black party,
post limo heist.
He acts like a mentor sometimes
then turns around, gets grabby.
And that night, so I fried him slightly
fucked-off real quickly after that.
-And you?
-Me?
You serious about headrunning?
I'm not into her like that.
Come on kid, we've all got eyes.
Or, at least she's isn't
into me like that.
Yeah, probably.
Why do you ask?
To be honest, just don't strike me
that type.
What is that mean?
Tell me!
I'm sick of trying
to figure it out, you know.
Meaning, what man?
Said she wants to go to the moon.
The damn moon?
Yeah. I guess it's her dream or whatever.
Turned out, you're a lot faster
than you look.
Yeah, yeah.
No, seriously.
Glad you could keep up with me.
If that's suppose to be a pep talk,
no need. I don't go down, easy.
Never mentioned
nothing about that to me.
You're thinking she lied?
Who knows? Just ask her.
I mean, she was probably
just stalling me, but…
Well, she took me to the moon,
with special BD she had.
You two went on a date
to the moon?
Shit, doug! You don't get much more
romantic than that in Night City.
Here, a training regimen.
The bare minimum you should know.
No more hand holding after today.
If you're serious about this, you're going
to push hard to keep up. And then…
And then, what?
How long has she been running
for your crew?
Uh, maybe a year.
Kiwi brought her in.
Said she'd found a natural,
real cold feet.
And before that?
Like I said, ask her yourself
if you're interested, kid.
I don't give two shits
about people's past.
As long as they pull their weight
on the job, we're good.
That suits me just fine.
Hey! Quiet down!
Damn it!
Why he's pissing up there?
-Oh, mute!
-Gross!
Uh! What's your problem, Chume?
Why are you pissing in the street, huh?
Hey, man! Playing dumb?
Leave him alone, Pilar.
-Bye. Bye, bro.
-You got to show us your stroke?
You hard in hearing, chuva?
I'm talking to you.
Listen up. This isn't your water
in turf, asshole.
And guess what,
we don't like pestering pissed.
Are we clear on that?
Now be a good asshole and pinch it off
and keep that pecker so we could…
Oh, shit man! That's fucking plastic.
You chromed your dick? That hurts.
Kicks me to the face. Hard as…
Hey…
Da… vid…
move…
Don't you freeze on me now!
Fucking captive!
-Enough Pilar on me…
-Give me that!
Fucker!
You had no fucking right!
You fucking cyber psycho.
Crazy, little shit. Your flat now
if you won't subtle.
Let me go!
Hi-yah! Die!
Shit, of all times…
Kiwi! Press Becca's lullaby!
On it.
Where's Lucy?!
Hey, asshole!
David, no!
You, okay?
I'm fine.
Alright. It's now over.
You're bleeding…
I'm the only bitch
what's mine to kill.
You took that from me.
Don't touch me.
You're hurt? Need a booster?
No. I'm good.
Dorio, go and see Ripper. You should
take her to our buddy.
Kiwi and I now hang back here, take care
of things 'till the pigs show to clean up.
He's a pain in the ass, but someone
has to explain this cluster fuck.
-Boss man has spoken.
-Hmm.
-You too, kid. Stick with Lucy and Dorio.
-Huh?
We'll tell the badges exactly
what went down.
Fuck is chromed up to wazoo.
It will be easy.
Minimal questions though filed
on this cyber psycho incident and done.
-Yeah, but…
-I saw what you did back there, doug.
It's hight time,
you stop thinking like a rookie.
Not you again!
You know, I'm not a licensed physician.
It doesn't matter. It's like I volunteered
to come here.
Sure. Whatever.
I'm going alone.
Make sure, you get her home
when she's clean, alright.
-What! You're leaving.
-Maine said you could take his wheels.
Uh! Hey! Lucy.
-Here's fine.
-Okay.
-Good night.
-Um…
Can we talk?
This way.
Aw. Cloudy tonight.
Remember that moon BD we did?
That was fun.
I had something
I wanted to talk about, too.
Huh?
I know how it must look,
but, it's true
what I said then.
It was actually the first time
I told anyone.
Well, that's good. I like that.
You know, the idea that you weren't lying.
What if I'm lying now?
-I seriously doubt it.
-Why not?
-I just don't see it.
-Crazy.
You should've said something earlier
and spilled it right away.
I couldn't.
What stopped you?
You were so mad at me.
I was not!
Or too.
I wasn't pissed off or anything.
It's just…
-Well, yeah. I guess I kind of was
-See what I mean?
So, okay. Maybe, I was angry,
but… it ain't like I'm holding a grudge.
I wouldn't have jumped
that raging psycho if I wasn't.
-Liar.
-I'm serious.
No, you would have.
You're the guy who jumps
in fire to rescue someone,
anyone, even you know,
you're going to get burned.
Just that type.
Are we back to the you know mark thing?
Maine thinks I got what it takes.
-Why is it that you don't…
-No, it's not that.
I know you'd make a good edgerunner.
You already are, I think.
So what's the problem?
Don't make a name for yourself
as a cyberpunk by how you live…
Make a name by how you die.
It's not the life or the end you deserve.
Was that even me?
How am I different from you?
I've got nowhere else to go. This is it.
And we're exactly the same.
-You and I are worlds apart.
-In what way?
I'm going to take you there myself,
fly you to the moon.
That's a promise!
I don't want you to die on me.
I won't.